README.md, before:

# Introduction

gLib2D by Geecko - A simple, fast, light-weight 2D graphics library.
This library has been designed to replace the old graphics.c library
and to simplify the use of pspgu.
The goals : keep it simple, keep it small, keep it fast.


# Changes in this fork:
This fork of glib2D does the following:

- No longer relies on ancient versiosn of libpng or libjpeg.
- Uses stb_image and dr_pcx (easy to keep up to date)
- Adds support for loading BMP, GIF, PCX, PNM, PGM, and TGA files. (JPEG and PNG are initally supported)
- Some general cleanup.


# Known limitations

- Draw & display buffers can't actually be used as real textures. Just a way
  to get the vram pointer.
- No support for multiples contexts (e.g. sharing coordinates between
  textures using some g2dBegin calls at a time).
- Manipulating textures (clear, get pixel info...) is not possible.
- When some 512*512 rotated, colorized and scaled textures are rendered
  at a time, the framerate *could* go under 60 fps.


# Installation

- Simply put glib2d.c, glib2d.h and stb_image.h in your source directory.
- Then add glib2d.o and link "-lz -lpspgu -lm -lpspvram"
  in your Makefile.
- You're done !


# License

This work is licensed under the LGPLv3 License.
See the LICENSE file for more details.
You can support the library by marking your homebrew with
"Using gLib2D by Geecko".

Commit message:

Remove dependencies and allow user to pass RGBA buffer into g2dTexLoad instead

README.md, after:

# Introduction

gLib2D by Geecko - A simple, fast, light-weight 2D graphics library.
This library has been designed to replace the old graphics.c library
and to simplify the use of pspgu.
The goals : keep it simple, keep it small, keep it fast.


# Changes in this fork:
This fork of glib2D does the following:

- No longer relies on ancient versiosn of libpng or libjpeg.
- g2dTexLoad reads from an RGBA buffer instead of a path, allowing the developer to use any image decoder that outputs RGBA data.
- Some general cleanup.


# Known limitations

- Draw & display buffers can't actually be used as real textures. Just a way
  to get the vram pointer.
- No support for multiples contexts (e.g. sharing coordinates between
  textures using some g2dBegin calls at a time).
- Manipulating textures (clear, get pixel info...) is not possible.
- When some 512*512 rotated, colorized and scaled textures are rendered
  at a time, the framerate *could* go under 60 fps.


# Installation

- Simply put glib2d.c, glib2d.h and stb_image.h in your source directory.
- Then add glib2d.o and link "-lz -lpspgu -lm -lpspvram"
  in your Makefile.
- You're done !


# License

This work is licensed under the LGPLv3 License.
See the LICENSE file for more details.
You can support the library by marking your homebrew with
"Using gLib2D by Geecko".
